Fixed #27452 - Added SerialField. (#18280)
django/django: docs/ref/contrib/postgres/fields.txt

docs/current/rangetypes.html#RANGETYPES-INCLUSIVITY>`_.

.. _different bounds: https://www.postgresql.org/docs/current/rangetypes.html#RANGETYPES-IO

``Serial`` fields
=================

.. versionadded:: 5.2

.. class:: SerialField(**options)

    An automatically incrementing :class:`~django.db.models.IntegerField`,
    much like :class:`~django.db.models.AutoField` except that it does not have

>     to be a primary key, and is not limited to a single instance per model.

Reviewer: Maybe we should mention that it's backed by the Postgres `serial` type?

Author: ok

docs/current/rangetypes.html#RANGETYPES-INCLUSIVITY>`_.

.. _different bounds: https://www.postgresql.org/docs/current/rangetypes.html#RANGETYPES-IO

``Serial`` fields
=================

.. versionadded:: 5.2

.. class:: SerialField(**options)

    An automatically incrementing :class:`~django.db.models.IntegerField`,
    much like :class:`~django.db.models.AutoField` except that it does not have
    to be a primary key, and is not limited to a single instance per model.

>     It's backed by PostgreSQL's ``serial`` type. See `the PostgreSQL
>     documentation for the full details <https://www.postgresql.org/
>     docs/current/datatype-numeric.html#DATATYPE-SERIAL>`__.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    This uses the PostgreSQL ``serial`` type. See `the PostgreSQL documentation
    for the full details <https://www.postgresql.org/docs/current/
    datatype-numeric.html#DATATYPE-SERIAL>`__.
```
